Turn your social media accounts into learning spaces. I've noticed a pattern in the media that being shown to me, by political accounts that i follow, are recommneded to me, or that my friends share:

Entry level

only serves to a) further radicalizes you without any blueprint


Relate it back to them. Their taxes? Their could be the next to be brutally oppressed, if they don't hurry up and understand their own oppression 

1. It teaches how to introduce radical ideas to non-radicals. Many of us who only talk about this stuff in activist spaces end up using a lot of jargon and it invariably ends up turning off people who are not as interested in these topics as we are. By having complex conversations with people at a lower political level, we can learn to simplify our ideas to the most important elements, and learn to introduce them in ways that are not alarming. Many non-radicals assume that the things we want are hugely destructive and wild acts, and practicing talking about these things calmly and in a well articulated fashion helps us build our image so to speak. 2. It gives us an insight into the contemporary non-radical psyche. The most important part of a conversation is listening to what your opposite has to say and really hearing them out. More than using them as a springboard for giving your ideas, we should be working to understand their epistemology. Often, they do not even understand their own epistemology! Tools like Street Epistemology really helped here for me. Applying it in a conversational setting is really fun! 3. I also find that most people end up really sympathizing with a progressive mindset. Of course, they are not as radical as us, but that is a simple to understand truth. Not everyone is a radical, and they need not be. It is our job to do the work, but having conversations can help prime people for change as it comes.